Workflow release notes + new content re submitting changes (#5880)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-workflow/getting-started/submitting-changes.md

  - Only visible on variant content
- A media picker for choosing a media attachment
  - Only visible when 'Allow attachments' is set to true
- A date picker for setting a scheduled publishing date
  - Only visible when 'Allow scheduling' is set to true, and the workflow type is publish
- A date picker for setting a scheduled unpublishing date
  - Only visible when 'Allow scheduling' is true

It is not possible to schedule a publish date in an unpublish workflow. It is possible to schedule both publish and unpublish dates in a publish workflow. Once content has been unpublish, a new workflow process is required to republish the content.

## Variant workflows

If the document varies by culture, the editor must select one or more variants to submit for approval.

When a document is invariant, the variants selector is not displayed, and the approval flow follows the [default permissions inheritence pattern](./workflow-content-app#approval-flow-types).

![Request approval overlay](./images/approval-request-overlay-variants.png)

The editor will not be able to select variants where:
- They do not have permission to edit the language, or
- The variant is already in a workflow.

> When submitting multiple variants, a workflow process is started for each variant, using the [default permissions inheritence pattern](./workflow-content-app#approval-flow-types). Newly created variants are automatically assigned the configuration from the default language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When submitting multiple variants, a workflow process is started for each variant, using the [default permissions inheritance pattern](./workflow-content-app#approval-flow-types). Newly created variants are automatically assigned the configuration from the default language.
```

Alternatively, all variants can be submitted in an invariant workflow, where they will be approved in a single workflow process. Invariant workflows use the permissions set on the default language. Editors must have permission to edit all the current node's variants to be able to initiate an invariant workflow.

> The invariant workflow will publish all variants not already in workflows, regardless of the node state. This means that previously unpublished variants will be republished when using invariant workflows. Given that, in most cases selecting the individual variants is probably the desired approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The invariant workflow will publish all variants, regardless of their node state, that are not already in workflows. This means that previously unpublished variants will be republished when using invariant workflows. In most cases, it is preferable to select the individual variants.
```

> ## Content validation and pending changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Content Validation and Pending Changes
```
